dr. Jordan Peterson and Michaela
Peterson are carnivore diet how to cure
depression how to cure depression this
is coming from a man of science this is
coming from a man with a PhD and a
privileged life as a University of
Toronto professor science science
science the title says how to cure
depression he's on the front cover with
his shirt off this is science
from a university professor with a PhD
in the sciences with his shirt off on
the cover and a girl in a bikini science
science science dr. jordan pearson how
to cure depression and disease with meat
only science can I say don't see see it
together with me science science science
people like to disrespect my food but
the fact is that you know my name is I
don't know dude featuring dr. Shaun
Baker oh they got the doctor in there
they should have put PhD in the title -
we got one guy with a PhD we got another
guy who's some kind of medical doctor
and there's a girl in a bikini and I
gotta give him credit for this man seven
dollars and ninety cents paper bag whoo
most of the books on on a vegan diet
looking at $20 $40 easily easily easily
this this man has decades of research
behind this man as you know a PhD and
peer-reviewed publications this is oh
this is religious are you maybe trying
to dodge a lawsuit when you market your
diet book under the category of New Age
spirituality comma religion when you
would
you know what I'm saying so maybe maybe
they're babies maybe maybe it's not a
scientist wonderfully comedic says this
reviewer comedian Jordan Peterson and
his daughter Mikayla are at their
humorous best with their latest satire
the subject this time is fad diets
if you thought twelve rules for life was
funny pay twelve rules for life was not
funny
if you thought twelve rules for life was
funny this is even more entertaining
I've got I've got to say I've got to say
I've got to say I make money reading
books and talking about them on the
internet that book was so awful that
I've got to say you guys do not pay me
enough to read it I think I did the
first chapter of bread Wow
that's it Sarah oh okay it's a series of
interview transcripts from various
television radio and podcasts which
delve into their health problems and how
they are magically cured with a meat
only
and some veggies diet the conversations
are hilarious and by turns often
illuminating of our food-obsessed
culture no nutritional fact is left
unsecured in this uproariously amusing
parody real dietitians may not see
levity but that's part of the fun Jordan
Peterson's whole grift repeat his whole
grift no typo his whole grift is to make
money off of people who really believe
he isn't pulling their leg he has made a
career from this kind of reverse
psychology oh so it all comes back to
that PhD baby it is a science
it's the science of the grift through
reverse psychology if you want something
to chuckle at while you're sitting on
the toilet
there isn't much better material than
this review from little life it's a
great cure for leprosy to science baby
science this book and it's diet cured me
not only from depression
so from dropsy can't fever gripe the
shakes scrub box consumption and acne
the acne I had was just terrible but
applying a pure beef poultice to by
regions totally worked wonders ooh such
important information and this reviewer
says I've been following Michaela and
George Peterson regarding the kind of
carnivore diets for quite some time it's
a controversial approach due to the
prevailing beliefs that eating red meat
is detrimental to human health and that
a plant-based diet is optimal I noted
the results for the Petersons are
largely anecdotal however the evidence
is growing across a larger population
that a meat only diet is largely
beneficial if I have I have one word for
you
Mongolia okay if you want to look at an
historical population that had a
predominantly meat-based diet a diet
with unbelievably large amounts of room
and a mummy Mongolia all right when
Europeans first arrived in Mongolian
first had contact with those people the
level of health in that country was
shockingly of bhisma just look if you
want to if you want to read into it it's
actually a crucial part of the
development of racism in Europe when
Europeans got to Mongolia they thought
that these peoples health problems were
genetic and they were not they were
caused by the unbelievably unhealthy
meat-based Mongolian diet continued for
background see the meat heals calm
website if you want to look into the
history of Mongolia that is not the
website I would recommend or have in
mind okay we go on here in addition I
belong to several carnivore slash meat
only Facebook groups well that you
hmm okay well maybe that maybe that
explains a perspective on the book here
where members try the diet and report
their results many of them have been
very compelling including weight and
weight loss relief from depression and
mental fog and addressing type 2
diabetes and autoimmune conditions
overall most diet participants report
improvements in overall health and
vitality including in the bedroom let me
just let me just tell you something
about the placebo effect here people
you can find claims of a miracle cure
from electroshock convulsive therapy one
of the most thoroughly debunked
disproven forms of mental health
intervention is electroshock convulsive
therapy all the research has been done
it can look it up you can find archived
first-person of people telling you how
others turn their whole life around how
it improve their life I would curd
positively everything being hooked up to
a machine and given electrical shocks
alright so you know people people will
convince themselves they've been cured
by almost any experience imaginable from
electrical shock to going to a prayer
meeting and having a holy man put his
hands on you and say magical words in a
magical sacred language it's not that
surprising that people switching to a
diet that has a ton of fat a ton of salt
a ton of protein that this who have some
kind of short term
electroconvulsive effect well we have to
be interested here in terms of science
would be the actual etiology would be
the actual cause-and-effect relationship
not just those those subjective and
pressures but this review ends by saying
it's really great to have all this
information in one place I hope it will
benefit many readers I hope it will
benefit the teams of lawyers who will
sue Jordan Peterson and who will sue
McGee Leah Peterson because now we
really have on the
and printed form the proof Jordan
Peterson can no longer hide behind the
claim that he's not promoting this diet
they used to always be excuses I don't
know he doesn't recommend it for others
he just goes on you know television he
just appears on you know interview shows
and podcasts reporting the miraculous
effects this guy but he's not promoting
it for others this book establishes on
the record that yes he is promoting it
for others along with his daughter
it was great basis here for for a
lawsuit be an individual or class action
for anyone who's stupid enough to follow
this diet and destroy their health
riding on the coattails of her father
Jordan Peterson a Canadian psychologist
who somehow became an internet celebrity
for refusing to use and share pronouns
of college students McKay Leah Peterson
is pushing just what the world needs
another unhealthy fad diet claiming to
be a Nostrum for maladies physical and
mental a Nostrum oh oh the quality of
writing here with this comment the
quality of writing is higher than jordan
Peterson's 12 rules for living I'm not
kidding
whatever education this guy has whether
it's PhD MA or 100% autodidact self
taught dropped out of dropped at a
school and lived in the woods try to
tell you this guy better better off at
the doctor and Peterson the quote
unquote book admits to simply being
transcripts of interviews which are
freely available online and blog posts
already written on mcil ia's website
none of her claims about the old me diet
not unlike the Atkins diet or the
caveman diet are scientifically proven
and Mackay Leah Peterson is not a
licensed nutrition nutritionist nor he
does her but I think you're missing the
point you guys it's not that she's not a
licensed nutritionist or a doctor she's
also not a real bikini mom okay can we
can we face up to that
who's really being mislead here I mean
she doesn't claim to be something she's
not in the medical and nutrition feels
she doesn't claim to be a scientist her
father her father does claim to be a
scientist a little bit of a different
problem there but Michaela Peterson is
not a real bikini model it's not a real
Instagram model either so I think I
think that's how people are are more
deceived her quote/unquote credentials
consist solely of her personal
experience
note that the plural of anecdote is not
data dr. Shaun Baker who was included in
this work to give it the facade of being
scientific had his medical license
revoked in 2017 in part for quote
incompetence to practice as a licensee
close quote it is an irrefutable fact
the overconsumption of red meat is
condemned by the majority of licensed
medical practitioners for among other
reasons increasing the risk of cancer
disease which this book is a good
example this cash-grab is undoubtedly
attractive to self diagnosing hypo
hypochondriac sand Petersons confused
fanboys a young male demographic
inexplicably attractive dr. Peters and
sage advice to clean your room and his
questionable proclamations about women
as quote agents of chaos
close quote these aspiring alpha males
are sure suffer suckers for anything
manly to the point of being laughably
gullible and therefore easily
exploitable consumers after all nothing
is mainly er the dying early of
colorectal cancer or heart disease
because you think carrots make you
depressed or eating soy makes you a
feminine it is shameful but perhaps
unsurprising that among dr. Pearson's
pithy and paternalistic vices Ilyn and
young men dr. Peterson will not include
eat your veggies and instead has adopted
and supported this ludicrous diet
inviting his credulous audience to
develop cancer and diverticulitis for
the sake of giving his crackpot daughter
a wider platform I think there's another
another very simple question there dr.
Jordan Peterson his message is in large
part moral his message is in large part
ethical
what he's telling people to do is not
just clean up their room but be honest
the people of integrity the people of a
higher level of responsibility that they
should be motivated to make themselves
better people and make the world a
better place you know I think in his way
Peterson is struggling to project a new
ideal of what it means to be a good man
of what it means to be a good citizen
you know I have to give him credit for
that that he has a kind of message of
moral rectitude of taking life seriously
now you know I don't agree with his
assessment that this means you should
stop masturbating that I don't agree
with his assessment this means you
should only have sex with one person
your entire life which is his position
he supports a return to a Christian
ethos of marriage that you know I don't
think it's fair to any one men or women
there are many kind of strange
unexamined authoritarian aspects his
worldview nevertheless he is calling on
people to answer to a higher moral
standard and he's calling on people to
hold themselves to a higher ethical
standard so why not apply your ethical
standards to this right Jordan Pearson's
own daughter McKay Leah admitted that
she quit eating pork she quit eating
pigs because she saw a videotape of the
suffering of the pig she felt bad about
the harm done to pigs by the meat
industry all right she felt compassion
she felt a sense of moral culpability of
more responsibly how about you Jordan
how about you you know I got problems
I got problems in my life I'm living
right now on like a 100% broccoli diet I
eat broccoli at least twice a day no I
don't only eat broccoli I also we
other vegan foods but I mean broccoli is
a really big part of my diet right now
and you know if you if you told me that
I would feel better you know mentally
but whatever it means to cure depression
I don't even understand why it is you
think I can live a life that's
objectively depressing and then I won't
feel subjectively depressed by it
if I eat this crazy diet that makes no
sense to me like if my life sucks
because I've got problems with education
I got problems with career I got
problems my divorce lawyer I got
problems with my ex-wife I got problems
with money or airplane tickets or what I
got problems with YouTube whatever it is
if I'm in a context that's objectively
depressing I got problems I'm struggling
with why would I want to be on a diet
that subjectively would make me feel not
come depressive of that or not concerned
that I don't get that I fundamentally do
not understand if your life is miserable
and you feel miserable well guess what
your feelings are an accurate mirror for
your circumstances your instincts are
responding to threats and fears and
concerns and worries and and you got
those feelings so use it you know what I
mean the same way a boxer uses anger the
same way a boxer uses fear to fight
better you've got a look at what's
making you miserable and then use that
misery to motivate you you know to win
it whatever game it is you're playing
presumably not boxing right so I would
not I would not want to eat a diet that
would cool and quote to your depression
I would not want that I would want to
solve the problems that make me
depressed and I would want my misery to
motivate me to solve those problems if
there were a pill I don't believe there
is if there were a pill that solved the
pressure cocaine adderall all of those
have a better chance of curing your
depression than so-called antidepressant
seselis I would not want to take that
pill I'd rather have my misery I'd
rather feel it and struggle with it and
get motivated solve my problems okay
but if it were true if it were true that
the 100% meat diet somehow had an effect
on your mood more profound than cocaine
more enduring than a daily dose of
adderall you know if it somehow did
insulate you against the sorrow of this
life if he did in some sense cure
depression there's no way I could
justify everyday killing a cow killing a
lamb killing a pig
there's no way ethically or morally I
could justify that just for my own
shallow self-centered self-indulgent
happiness so Jordan Peterson by your own
moral standards in terms of your own
mission to call on individuals and
society as a whole have some kind of
higher level of a rectitude you have to
go back and re-examine what you're
eating and why and I don't care how
crippled you think you are by depression
I don't care I don't think that would
justify you becoming a cocaine addict I
don't think your depression would
justify you becoming a rapist I don't
think your depression would justify you
becoming a murderer I don't think your
depression would justify you owning
slaves and you know what it might
brighten you the hell up if you became a
slave trader or a slave owner but either
slavery is right or it's wrong it
doesn't matter how happy it makes you or
how much it alleviates your depression
either cocaine is right or it's wrong
and it doesn't matter how happy it makes
you doesn't matter how much it
alleviates your depression and of all
things of all things in this world and
you can find reflections on this in
ancient Greek and ancient Latin sources
morally it's easier to justify killing
and eating a lion-like out of revenge
a lion somehow harmed you a lion
attacked you maybe the lion bit beat
your hand off and then you managed to
kill this lion itself
offense in that scenario there's some
kind of perverse argument to go ahead
and eat the lion i wouldn't do it i
wouldn't do it i don't think revenge is
a moral justification for much of
anything i really don't and my whole
life would be profoundly different if I
believed in revenge as providing a moral
justification for actions okay but
there's some sense in which you can
sympathize with a man who's attacked by
a lion kills it in self-defense and then
and then eats it but for you on a daily
basis to be the aggressor for you on a
daily basis to be the lion for that
there are no excuses for that there's no
possible justification not when it's
possible to live a healthy life on a
vegan diet
[Music]